Fix minor errors in converting with topology and writing topology to file (#68)
mphowardlab/lammpsio: README.md

- `typeid`: (*N*,) array of type indexes (dtype: `int`, default: `1`)
- `mass`: (*N*,) array of masses (dtype: `float`, default: `1`)
- `charge`: (*N*,) array of charges (dtype: `float`, default: `0`)

> - `type_label`: Labels of particle typeids. (dtype: `LabelMap`, default: `None`)

Reviewer: Since this is not a NumPy array or per-particle, it should be moved to a separate section. The `bonds`, etc. should actually also do the same.
```suggestion

The optional topology data is:

- `type_label`: Labels of particle typeids. (`LabelMap`, default: `None`)
```
I realized that the ones below also have the same issue.

- `num_types`: number of connection types (int). If `num_types is None`, then the number of types is deduced from `typeid`.

The data contained per connection is:
- `members`: (*N*, *M*) array of particles IDs in each topology (dtype: `int`, default: `1`),
where *M* is the number of particles in a connection.
- `id`: (*N*,) array topology IDs (dtype: `int`, default: runs from 1 to *N*)
- `typeid`: (*N*,) array of type indexes (dtype: `int`, default: `1`)

> - `type_label`: Labels of connection typeids. (dtype: `LabelMap`, default: `None`)

Reviewer: This is similarly not "per connection" so distinguish that somehow.

All values of indexes will follow the LAMMPS 1-indexed convention, but the
arrays themselves are 0-indexed. Lazy array initialization is used as for the `Snapshot`.

> ## Label maps
> 
> A `LabelMap` is effectivley a dictionary associating a labels (types) with a particle's
> typeids in a `Snapshot` or a connection's typeids in `Bonds`, `Angles`, `Dihedrals`,
> and `Impropers` objects. By setting the corresponding `.type_label` attribute with a
> `LabelMap`, the types specified are used when converting to HOOMD GSD files.
> 
> These constructor arguments are available as attributes:
> - `map`: Map of typeids to types. (dict)
> 
> The data contained in a `LabelMap` is:
> - `types`: Types in label map. (dtype: `tuple`, default: `()`)
> - `typeids`: Typeids in label map. (dtype: `tuple`, default: `()`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Label maps

A `LabelMap` is effectively a dictionary associating a label (type) with a particle's
or connection's typeid. These labels can be useful for tracking the meaning of
typeids. They are also automatically used when interconverting with
HOOMD GSD files that require such labels.

The keys of the `LabelMap` are the typeids, and the values are the labels. A
`LabelMap` additionally has the following attributes:

- `types`: Types in label map. (dtype: `tuple`, default: `()`)
- `typeids`: Typeids in label map. (dtype: `tuple`, default: `()`)
```
